you
there has always been a delicate balance
between chaos and control now with that
balance threatened it's time to turn to
one man how do I know you're not control
if I were control you'd already be dead
if you were controlled you'd already be
dead neither of us is dead so I'm
obviously not from control there's
actually make sense yes has learned the
identities of all of our field agents
they hit us and they hit us hard
fortunately we have a new agent who is
that sir it's you max I'm Maxwell Smart
who are you
major ninety-nine is this your stapler
yeah
I set that up
listen why that much
Tuesday's not gonna work cannot do today
mom Shan Shan Shan Shan
see how annoying that is
you